[VILLAGER 4A]
So this is a black viper.
[VILLAGER 4B]
It's huge!
[VILLAGER 4C]
How'd the Bloody Bear
manage to defeat such a beast?
All right, everyone!
We're going to start on
harvesting the black viper now!
It's high‐quality.
If we take too long, it'll rot.
We're going to split its
body into ten parts first!
After that, we'll skin it
and remove its teeth.
Report to me if you
find the mana gem!
[CROWD]
Yes, sir!
[VILLAGER 4D]
I've got the eyes.
[VILLAGER 4E]
Look! The inside's been roasted!
[inaudible]
[FINA] My days have been
full of nothing but surprises
ever since I met
Yuna in the forest.
She slays monster after monster.
And she built an amazing
house in the blink of an eye!
[GENTZ] The black viper
has skin like armor,
so blades can't pierce it.
You have to cut a little notch,
and then peel the skin
away from that point.
Right.
[FINA]
I heard that Yuna was the one
who defeated this monster,
and she did it all on her own!
[FINA]
I can believe it.
Because Yuna's
great at everything!
[YUNA]
Here goes.
A table, a couch.
Some dishes.
[BOY 4A]
It really is a bear!
‐‐[YUNA] Hm?
‐‐[GIRL 4A] It's so cute!
[BOY 4A]
A bear living in a bear house.
I heard that she's
called the Bloody Bear.
Look! She's at the window!
My house isn't a show
for you, so get out of here!
I mean it, scram!
[BOY 4A]
Whoa, she sounds mad!
[BOY 4C]
Let's go before she eats us.
[sighs]
[YUNA] I suppose
a bear house popping up
out of nowhere
is pretty unusual.
It was bound to attract
some spectators.
[FINA]
Hey there, Yuna!
Huh?
We finished harvesting
the black viper for you!
[YUNA]
Awesome!
Come on in!
[FINA]
Thanks for having me.
[gasps] You got furniture!
Uh‐huh, it's taking
me some effort,
but I'm making it livable,
slowly but surely.
[YUNA]
It'd be a bit more livable
without the constant
onlookers, though.
[FINA grunts]
[YUNA]
Hm?
Okay. Here's the
black viper's mana gem.
[YUNA]
Whoa, it's huge.
Thanks, Fina.
Hey, what happened to your hand?
Oh! You mean this?
Uhh, I cut myself while
harvesting the snake.
Thankfully, it's
not all that serious.
Yeah, perhaps.
But you could make it worse
or it could get infected.
Not bad, but maybe
I can try to heal it.
[YUNA]
I can use spells by imagining
the type of magic
I want to cast.
So, if I think about
the wound closing up...
Healing!
[gasps] No way!
Aw, sweet! It really worked!
Amazing, I didn't know you
could do healing magic.
[YUNA]
It appears so!
But just to be safe, you
probably should take a break
from harvesting tomorrow.
Uh! You sure?
I think it's healed,
but you don't wanna risk
opening it back up, right?
Right. Oh, yeah, Yuna!
Miss Helen asked me to tell
you that she needs to see you
at the Adventurer's
Guild tomorrow.
Huh? I wonder why.
Fine, but it better not
be for something annoying.
[HELEN] Stop, I'm begging you!
I won't let go until you listen!
I refuse! I'm going home!
You can't make me!
‐‐[HELEN] Miss Yuna!
‐‐[YUNA] Let me go!
What the hell's
goin' on out here?
‐‐[YUNA yelps]
‐‐[HELEN] Oh! Perfect timing!
[YUNA ]
A new opponent.
What's wrong?
Excellent question, Guildmaster.
Miss Yuna was
personally asked to
fulfill a request to
visit Lord Foschurose.
However, she refused to go
without hearing
any of the details.
Look, you and I both know
that there's no way this is
going to be a normal quest.
[HELEN sighs]
Nobles and royalty are
the type of lowlife jerks
who lock away or kill people
the moment they feel even
a tiniest bit slighted.
And if they happen
to see a woman they desire,
they'll want her body
and threaten her
if she dares to refuse,
or they accuse innocent
people of being criminals,
stealing money from commoners
to line their own pockets.
They're all just
filthy rich people
who use their money to do
whatever they want, right?
[YUNA] At least that's how they
are in every game I've played.
[YUNA] Plus they give out,
like, the worst quests
that end up taking forever
and a day to complete...
Do you see what I've
been dealing with here?
Indeed... Yuna, you're
actually correct!
No, duh!
What? Hold on!
While there are
some lords like that,
our lord is not one of them.
Cliff Foschurose is
a kind and wonderful lord
who puts his people first.
[YUNA]
Uh...
Please go. If you refuse,
it will affect the trust
that people put in our guild.
[YUNA]
Hm.
You are, of course,
free to refuse if you wish,
but I would suggest making plans
to live elsewhere in the future.
[YUNA grunts]
Whoa, bold threat!
Okay, fine. I'll go and see him.
[HELEN] Yay, thank you
for agreeing, Miss Yuna!
[TIERMINA panting]
Mommy.
I don't get it.
She wasn't this bad yesterday!
[TIERMINA groans]
I'm gonna go get some medicine.
You stay here and
keep an eye on Mom!
Ah. Hurry back, Sis.
[door opens, closes]
[LALA]
Master Cliff.
The adventurer,
Lady Yuna, has arrived.
[CLIFF]
You may enter.
[YUNA]
So this is the lord of Crimonia.
Hello, my name is Yuna.
How may I be of service
to your lordship?
Please, that's quite enough.
We can drop all the formalities.
My name is Cliff Foschurose.
I've heard a lot about you.
You've defeated
a hundred goblins,
their king, and even
a black viper, that right?
[CLIFF chuckles]
Yeah. What's up with the laugh?
My apologies.
I'm just surprised that you
really are dressed like a bear.
[YUNA]
Dumb, snooty nobles!
So did you need
help with something?
No, I just wanted to
meet the rumored bear.
My daughter is particularly
interested in you.
Your daughter?
That's right.
You see, not long ago,
she happened to catch sight of
a cute bear adventurer
walking around town.
Ever since then, if I get
a new report about you,
it makes her extremely happy.
It's adorable, really.
But what about
privacy protection laws?
[CLIFF]
Ah?
[YUNA] He's not nearly as uppity
as I thought he would be.
[NOIR]
Father! Is the bear really here?
[gasps]
Uh...
Don't just barge in, Noa!
[NOIR] My apologies, Father.
I couldn't contain myself!
Miss Bear! It's nice to
meet you. I'm Noir Foschurose!
Feel free to call me Noa!
Okay. The name's Yuna.
So will you just call me that
instead of Miss Bear please?
Oh, yes, I'd love to!
Miss Yuna it is!
What's up?
[NOIR]
Um.
I was wondering if it
would be okay to hug you?
Sure. Go for it.
Hooray! Thank you so much!
[YUNA gasps]
You're so soft and fluffy.
Also, you smell amazing!
[YUNA] Just like Fina.
Between her and Noa
I feel like I'm racking
up the little sisters.
[YUNA] So then I shot some
fire balls into its mouth
and cooked that
baby from the inside.
Black Vipers have
super tough skin,
but their insides are
still soft and vulnerable.
Amazing!
I wish that I could have seen
you do all that in person!
Do you have any more stories?
Let's see.
I already told you what happened
with the goblin king, right?
Yes! It was great!
Can you tell me any stories from
some of your other adventures?
Maybe? But I already told
you about the goblin king
and we covered how I took out
the tiger wolves earlier.
Sorry, I'm fresh out.
Aw, seriously?
How do you know if I'm even
telling you the truth, kid?
Everything I just told you
could be a big fat lie.
[NOIR]
It's not!
Your stories don't sound like
lies to me. I believe you!
Oh, that's right!
Miss Yuna, may I
ask for a favor?
Go!
Wow! They're real bears!
They're huge! I can't
wait to pet both of them!
No, my lady, you mustn't!
It isn't safe for you!
It's all good.
My bears are super friendly
and they won't bite.
Are you sure? [gasps]
Wait! My lady!
[NOIR]
How cute!
You're such good bears!
Wanna ride them?
[NOIR gasps]
Can I really?!
[YUNA]
Mm‐hm.
[NOIR laughs]
You can ride them around
the mansion one time, okay?
[NOIR]
Thank you very much! I'm off!
[LALA] Wait for me!
Be careful!
[CLIFF]
Ah, so this is where you were.
My goodness, Lala
always worries so much.
Are you really sure you should
be putting this
much trust in me?
Oh, believe me‐‐
I've heard my fair share
of ridiculous reports
about you floating around.
But worry not,
I've done my research
regarding you,
and your bears, too.
I took quite a few precautions
before introducing
you to my daughter.
I'm glad to hear it.
So about those bears of yours...
May I ride one
of them, as well?
Uh... Sure, I guess.
[NOIR laughing]
[CLIFF]
Hello, little bears!
‐‐[KUMAYURU, KUMAKYU] Hmph!
‐‐[CLIFF] Aw...
Wow! You're both so talented!
[YUNA]
She fell asleep.
[CLIFF]
She's had an eventful day.
You have my thanks.
By the way, Yuna, there's
something I wish to discuss.
[YUNA]
Hm?
As you may already be aware,
His Majesty will be celebrating
his 40th birthday next month.
Nope, news to me.
[CLIFF]
Uh, no worries.
Anyway, there will
be a celebration party
for His Majesty,
but unfortunately,
I've yet to find an
appropriate gift for him.
Okay, then. So what?
Um, if possible, I would
like to take the mana gem
from the black
viper off your hands.
I will compensate you
properly for it, of course.
Well, I'd prefer to hang
onto it for right now.
Right, I see...
Wait. I know.
What about this thing?
I picked this bad boy up
when I defeated the goblin king.
It's gift‐worthy.
[CLIFF gasps]
The sword of a real goblin king?
That's amazing.
This is a rare item.
It's rather unusual
to find a goblin king
in possession of
a sword such as this.
Whoa, really?
[CLIFF]
Yes.
And you're fine
with giving it away?
[YUNA] It's cool. How much
is it usually worth?
Well, to be honest,
I'm not entirely sure.
You see, that's how
rare this item is.
But I would be more than
willing to negotiate with you.
Please, just name your price.
[YUNA]
Hmm... I don't really know.
[YUNA] It's not like I'm
hurting for money or whatever,
but I can't just
give it away for free.
I intend to compensate
you fairly. You have my word.
I've decided.
You can just have the sword,
but in exchange,
you gotta owe me a favor.
[CLIFF grunts]
Favor?
That's right.
I bet a lord like you
can do all kinds of weird,
secret, things, huh?
[gasps] Excuse me,
I am not that kind of lord!
Such a crass assumption.
Hey, I'm just kidding around.
It'd nice to know that
I can count on your assistance
if I get caught in a sticky
situation, or something.
If you can't help,
you can refuse.
Is that really the
only thing you want?
For sure.
All right, then.
I, Cliff Foschurose,
swear to help you as long
as it is in my ability.
So dramatic.
[FINA panting]
[FINA]
Mom, please hold on!
I wish that you could stay
the night with us, Miss Yuna.
I'll come visit again, 'kay?
Yay! I'll be waiting!
She's welcome anytime, right?
Yes, of course!
Please, come visit!
You and both your bears!
[YUNA]
Mm‐hm.
[giggles]
[YUNA]
All right, see ya later.
Aw, it's startin' to rain.
[YUNA grunts]
Strange.
Hey, Fina, what's up?
What's the matter?
Please help!
[gasps]
It's my mom! She's...
I don't know what to do, Yuna!
[crying]
Hey, just calm down 'kay?
Now, tell me what's going on.
You remember how my mom is sick?
Well, she suddenly got worse,
and none of the medicine seems
to be doing anything for her.
Uncle Gentz went to look
for different medicine,
but he hasn't come back yet.
Now, I don't know
what we're gonna do.
So I came here.
Please help me, Yuna!
[FINA crying]
[TIERMINA panting]
Mommy.
[door opens]
[SHURI]
You're back!
Shuri! How is Mom doing?
[TIERMINA groans]
Tiermina!
Uncle Gentz!
[GENTZ]
Yuna, you're here, too?
[YUNA]
Yeah, Fina came by my house.
Were you able to
find any medicine?
[GENTZ grunts]
I'm so sorry.
[FINA gasps]
[grunts]
[YUNA]
His clothes are covered in mud.
He must have run all over town
trying to find medicine for her.
Poor Mommy! [wails]
You mind if I take a look?
Can you help her?
Yeah, maybe.
I can try to heal
her with magic.
You can heal her?
I don't know.
But the only way to be certain
is to try it and see.
Then, please, do it.
[YUNA]
Mm.
Healing!
[TIERMINA grunts, gasps]
A... bear?
[FINA] You're awake!
She's regained consciousness!
[YUNA]
She is awake. Still, though...
‐‐[TIERMINA groans]
‐‐[SHURI] Mommy!
[YUNA]
The illness itself isn't gone.
[TIERMINA groans]
Tiermina.
[TIERMINA] It's okay.
I'm feeling a bit better now.
Tell me, are you Yuna?
[YUNA]
Mm.
I see. You helped Fina.
[coughs]
That's enough!
Lay down! You need rest!
Yes, save your strength.
With sleep...
...I'm sure you'll get better!
Fina, Shuri, here.
Let me see you.
[BOTH whimper]
‐‐[FINA] Mom!
‐‐[SHURI] Mommy!
I'm sorry that
I couldn't do more for you.
I love you.
No way! I'm the one
who couldn't help!
[FINA, SHURI sobbing]
[YUNA]
I'm not done. I won't give up.
Healing!
[coughing]
Thank you, Yuna.
Because of your help, I saw
my daughters before the end.
It's not over!
[YUNA] Is there some other
kind of magic I can use?
Healing isn't working.
I can trigger spells with
the proper image in my head.
And if I imagine the
strength and effect in detail,
then the strength and
effect of the spell changes.
What do I need to change?
Hold on. Maybe that's it. I'm
not imagining things correctly.
[YUNA]
In MMO games, recovering HP
and curing status effects
are totally different spells.
What's the matter, Yuna?
If imagining her wounds healing
up or her stamina recovering
doesn't actually help her,
then I need to imagine
the source of her
illness being removed.
[FINA, SHURI, GENTZ gasp]
It doesn't hurt.
[FINA, SHURI gasp]
[exhales] That's great.
I'm glad it actually worked.
Feeling better?
Yes, I am.
I'm not tired anymore and
it's much easier to breathe.
Mommy's okay!
I'm so happy. Thank goodness!
[FINA, SHURI laughing]
Fina, Shuri...
[GENTZ]
Tiermina!
You're okay.
You're really okay!
‐‐[GENTZ cries]
‐‐[TIERMINA] Hey now.
[FINA] Um, Uncle Gentz,
you're kinda crushing all of us.
Oh! I'm sorry, girls!
Aw, Uncle Gentz is crying.
No! These are just raindrops!
[TIERMINA giggles] Thank you
for your concern, Gentz.
[GENTZ stammers, chuckles]
[YUNA] You should continue to
rest up and eat a good meal.
You need to
regain your strength,
so don't push yourself.
Thank you so much, Yuna.
Uh?
[YUNA]
Hm?
Uh. Oh, yeah! I almost
forgot that you've never
met my little sister
before. This is Shuri.
Why are you all
dressed up like a bear?
[YUNA] Mm... Uh, well,
it's just my favorite outfit.
Sorry I didn't introduce myself,
but I'm one of your
sister's friends, Yuna.
Did you just say friend?
Yuna is actually my boss,
and she saved my life a lot!
She's a kind person.
What? You don't
consider us friends?
We've been through
so much together,
and you even helped me
when I was lost in
the forest, remember?
You taught me about the city
and showed me everything,
and you've helped me harvest
all the monsters I've defeated.
Enough chit chat!
Can I please touch your fur?
Uh, it's not real fur, but sure.
[SHURI laughs]
It's so fluffy!
And very cuddly!
Yuna, I promise
I'll pay you back
whatever the cost of
Tiermina's treatment is.
And if I don't
have enough money,
then I can borrow the rest.
[TIERMINA]
Hold on, Gentz!
I can't cause you any more
trouble than I already have!
I'll get a job once I recover,
and then I can pay her back!
I'll pay for it!
I can harvest your
stuff, no charge!
I'll do whatever it takes!
No, I'll take care of the debt!
Just leave them alone, please!
I'm begging you!
[YUNA]
What is happening?
Have I somehow turned into
a children's cartoon villain?
Come on, I'm not gonna
burst into evil laughter
and steal their first‐born
child as payment!
[FINA, TIERMINA,
GENTZ bickering]
Look, I don't want your money.
You don't?
I came here because
I wanted to help out a friend.
Do you mean it?
Thanks, Yuna.
[YUNA chuckles]
[SHURI laughs]
[YUNA]
You can't put a price on life,
or on protecting the
people you care about.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma.